# monocart-reporter-clash-bug

## Description

This repo was created to show the bug reported by this issue: [[Bug] monocart-reporter clashes with Playwright's built-in html reporter
#174](https://github.com/cenfun/monocart-reporter/issues/174).

## Steps to replicate the bug

1) Clone the repo.
2) From the root of the repo, run `npm i` to install the required npm packages.
3) From the root of the repo, run `npx playwright install` to install the required Playwright browsers.
4) From the root of the repo, run `npm run test:bug`.
5) The tests will fail as expected and the browser should open the html report generated by the `built-in html reporter` where we can see that the screenshots are NOT being displayed in the report.

The `npm run test:bug` command will run the Playwright tests with both the [monocart-reporter](https://github.com/cenfun/monocart-reporter) and the [built-in html reporter](https://playwright.dev/docs/test-reporters#html-reporter). The `monocart-reporter` is configured to run **before** the `built-in html reporter`. 

## Steps to show workaround for the reported issue

1) Clone the repo.
2) From the root of the repo, run `npm i` to install the required npm packages.
3) From the root of the repo, run `npx playwright install` to install the required Playwright browsers.
4) From the root of the repo, run `npm run test:ok`.
5) The tests will fail as expected and the browser should open the html report generated by the `built-in html reporter` where we can see that the screenshots are being displayed in the report as expected.

The `npm run test:ok` command will run the Playwright tests with both the [monocart-reporter](https://github.com/cenfun/monocart-reporter) and the [built-in html reporter](https://playwright.dev/docs/test-reporters#html-reporter). The `monocart-reporter` is configured to run **after** the `built-in html reporter`.

## Open html reports

After running the test commands, either `npm run test:ok` or `npm run test:bug`, you can open the html reports by running:

- `npx playwright show-report`: this will open the html report generated by the `built-in html reporter`.
- `npx monocart show-report monocart-report/index.html`: this will open the html report generated by the `monocart-reporter`.
